src/next-steps.md, before:

---
title: Next steps with Netlify
layout: layouts/base.njk
header:
  heading: Now what?
  subtitle: Some things to try with Netlify
---


## Next steps

Once you've deployed your own copy of this site, here are five things to try as you explore Netlify,


### 1. Deploy some changes

This site is generated with a static site generator. And now that you have deployed it, Netlify has set up an [automated continuous deployment system](https://www.netlify.com/docs/continuous-deployment/) for you. To deploy changes, all you need to do is push your changes to this site's git repository.

Try making a small change. Perhaps by editing the [_details.js_]({{details.repo}}/blob/master/src/data/details.js) file to add your name. You can [do it directly on Github]({{details.repo}}/blob/master/src/data/details.js) if you like. Netlify will notice the change and deploy up update in a minute or so.

```js
// src/data/details.js

module.exports = {

  // Your twitter handle
  twitter: null,

  // Your name
  name: null,

  ...
}
```

You can watch the progress of your deploys in the [Netlify Admin for this site](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/deploys). From there you'll also be able to instantly [roll back](https://www.netlify.com/docs/versioning-and-rollbacks/) to any previous deploy if you wanted to.


### 2. Create a preview build

When you push changes to your master branch (as you did above), Netlify builds and deploys those right away. What if you'd like to stage those changes in a preview? With Netlify's preview builds, the what the effects of a pull request will be.

Try making another change in the git repository. Once again, yu can do this directly on GitHub. Then, instead of committing this to the master branch, ask GitHub to make a new Pull Request of your changes.


### 3. Add a form

Although Netlify is deploying your site directly to our global [Application Delivery Network](https://www.netlify.com/features/adn) (ADN), meaning that you don;t have an server to maintain, you might still wish to accept form submissions. We can help with that. By adding a standard form element to your site, and giving it a _netlify_ attribute, [we will automatically create the back end for you](https://www.netlify.com/features/#forms), and let you access all form submissions via the [Admin UI](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/forms) or via an [API](https://www.netlify.com/docs/api/#form-submissions).

Try adding the following HTML to a page on this site. After deploying your change, you will find all submissions to your form right there in your [Netlify Admin](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/forms).

```html
<form name="contact" netlify>
  <p>
    <label>Name <input type="text" name="name" /></label>
  </p>
  <p>
    <label>Email <input type="email" name="email" /></label>
  </p>
  <p>
    <button type="submit">Send</button>
  </p>
</form>
```


### 4. Deploy a serverless function


### 5. Define redirect rules

Commit message:

PR builds in next steps

src/next-steps.md, after:

---
title: Next steps with Netlify
layout: layouts/base.njk
header:
  heading: Now what?
  subtitle: Some things to try with Netlify
---


## Next steps

Once you've deployed your own copy of this site, here are five things to try as you explore Netlify,


### 1. Deploy some changes

This site is generated with a static site generator. And now that you have deployed it, Netlify has set up an [automated continuous deployment system](https://www.netlify.com/docs/continuous-deployment/) for you. To deploy changes, all you need to do is push your changes to this site's git repository.

Try making a small change. Perhaps by editing the [_details.js_]({{details.repo}}/blob/master/src/data/details.js) file to add your name. You can [do it directly on Github]({{details.repo}}/blob/master/src/data/details.js) if you like. Netlify will notice the change and deploy up update in a minute or so.

```js
// src/data/details.js

module.exports = {

  // Your twitter handle
  twitter: null,

  // Your name
  name: null,

  ...
}
```

You can watch the progress of your deploys in the [Netlify Admin for this site](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/deploys). From there you'll also be able to instantly [roll back](https://www.netlify.com/docs/versioning-and-rollbacks/) to any previous deploy if you wanted to.


### 2. Create a preview build

When you push changes to your master branch (as you did above), Netlify builds and deploys those right away. What if you'd like to stage those changes in a preview? With Netlify's preview builds, the what the effects of a pull request will be.

Try making another change in the git repository. Once again, you can do this directly on GitHub. Then, instead of committing this to the master branch, ask GitHub to make a new Pull Request of your changes.

Hmmm, but what to change. It's your site now. Go bananas. Or you could just [amend this page]({{details.repo}}/blob/master/src/next-steps.md) to show your progress by adding a suitably gleeful emoji to the section headings of each of these steps that you've done.

```js
 // Hmmm, what best suggests "done"?

 👍 | 😎 | 👏 | ✅ | 🤘
```



### 3. Add a form

Although Netlify is deploying your site directly to our global [Application Delivery Network](https://www.netlify.com/features/adn) (ADN), meaning that you don;t have an server to maintain, you might still wish to accept form submissions. We can help with that. By adding a standard form element to your site, and giving it a _netlify_ attribute, [we will automatically create the back end for you](https://www.netlify.com/features/#forms), and let you access all form submissions via the [Admin UI](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/forms) or via an [API](https://www.netlify.com/docs/api/#form-submissions).

Try adding the following HTML to a page on this site. After deploying your change, you will find all submissions to your form right there in your [Netlify Admin](https://app.netlify.com/sites/{{details.sitename}}/forms).

```html
<form name="contact" netlify>
  <p>
    <label>Name <input type="text" name="name" /></label>
  </p>
  <p>
    <label>Email <input type="email" name="email" /></label>
  </p>
  <p>
    <button type="submit">Send</button>
  </p>
</form>
```


### 4. Deploy a serverless function


### 5. Define redirect rules
